obvious
in the hon unit principles and concepts of
education field as already said
objective is to reflect on the
concepts of education field education
rural peasant championship that is for
people understand it initially what
education is the beginner course the CETAC
the epigraph of professor bernardo mançano
which is the following field in place of
life where people can live
work and study with dignity
Who has your place to your identity?
cultural
the field is not just a place of production
agribusiness and agroindustrial
land grabbing latifundio
the field is to spread the territory
peasants and quilombolas is in the countryside
that are forests where would
various indigenous nations
for all this the field in the place of life and
especially education
this reflection then brings to us what
ocampo as life or I field as
what respects nature that
produces ecologically
so we can say that the
Field is like life this life
today is surrounded by the challenges of
agricultural policy which is the credit for the
small producer to the dwelling that is
for them
production depending on credit
depends on conditions depends on roads
the concentration of land that exists in
field that is formed by the latifundio that
only grows most of the time
export crops or soybeans
eucalyptus
the type of plan that favors the
export policy for the people
start talking about education
Let's talk in the inner city about education.
rural that this rural education
what we can say today that the
education is planned and it is
part of the urban environment in all
the fact that until today it is trying to change
this happens conception is the school
rural is an appendix of urban school
she is seen as a needy school
and in some cases it is thought for the jeca
the jeca armadillo all montado lobado da
and education is still heard
that is equal to the rural school that
the diminutives themselves behind the idea of
diminutive money and
preconception that exists with the school
field here brings an image
school of the field seeded corintian dream
rights or a slogan is a
in the second meeting of the
Monday
in national education meetings to
meet little indication of the people
the then I'm already getting so field
in what is the education of the field
is that which is accessed in the values ​​and
attitudes the peasants who staged
this educational proposal also education
the field implies understanding the process
diversity in dimensions
they constitute social processes
political and cultural forms of being
society and sound
sayings of miguel arroyo dacal da xii
molina 2004 Page 113 that brings this
reflection
so that the education of the field goes
of processes is of life itself as well
education in the field involves the whole
and social and cultural struggles
of peasants in their diversity and
when workers of this space time
from this we also bring a
idea of peasant culture
which it is designated as small.
for the resources they have for meals
potentiate their productive forces
but she is not a peasant because she is
little this is not yours its your
dimension which determines its nature and
rather their internal and external relations
cut during the first
mark of the peasant struggle in that space
time already peasantry
second coast oak 2012 to 113 o
set of peasant families
this is a territory the families
this territory, this is in the
context of social relations that
expressed in rules and practices institutions
of the natural available biomes and
ecosystems and cultural capacity
internalized spindles people and paw
tangible and intangible infrastructures
of a geographically defined geographical area
delimited therefore that the footprint
the broader question of peasant struggle is
recent years have seen new
concepts and one of them is agriculture
family as disclosed in the media and by
by the government in the concept of oak
also it says is that are those
that under the impact of the
more general character is the importance of
city ​​of urban culture centered on the
Marketplace
most recently globalization of
economy etc try to adapt to this
new production model by transforming
internally and externally in an agenda
modern culture this in other words
it means that family lyoto has strong
relation to the modernized culture of
production system
in the country
Robinho